doc: update docs for ICS v4.4.0 release (#2037)
cosmos/interchain-security: UPGRADING.md

This guide provides instructions for upgrading to specific versions of Replicated Security.

## [v4.4.x](https://github.com/cosmos/interchain-security/releases/tag/v4.4.0)

### Provider

***Note that provider chains should not use this version of ICS***

### Consumer

> Upgrading the provider from `v4.3.0` to `v4.4.0` will not require state migration. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upgrading the consumer from `v4.0.0` to `v4.4.0` will not require state migration. 
```
The last ICS version for consumers was v4.0.0
